good it's okay good talk a little bit
yes good go with her a little bit
oh-oh-oh
be an actor the mole she pulls the more
you kind of go with her like oh she's
kicking her ass there you go good good
good now the only problem is we're
knocking be able do lockup because she's
got the handle right so you have to do
two things one either have to grab the
collar and bring down low green el or
bring down lower now so you leave it
jump back to say take it jump back
ticket
excellent plan the moment you see you're
making a choice to leave it home
rewarder come to life again that was
excellent
good there you go good work your way up
grab both sides of tug calmly hold it on
your leg lower there go right now leg
just be patient don't they leave it
again just wait there's a wood ticket
good there's a wood box behind you so
make sure you don't travel with that do
it grab the handles one handle with one
hand good the handle itself so it feels
like she's really pulling yeah and
although right there when she pokes go
with her turn into her turn into her
turn into it yes like that there you go
now turn away from her again pull her up
there again and hold it right there and
uh haha nice good job okay one more time
okay wait be good now grab both sides
and pull the neck to your leg calmly say
whatever it is they wait go ahead now
remember yes is not a take yes it's a
marker it's yes and then take it or just
take it again okay lock up again
no it's okay grab your leash you don't
the collar grab you lesions it Kenna
there you go good job Kim holding a few
ladies again you get nothing
nice Brazilian you put this on command
pull oh cool there you go okay we're
tray up grab the leash grab both sides
of time hold that you're late
calmly say leave it and I want you to
count to three before you say take and
let her have it again okay
music leave it okay wait one two take it
nice good job good job
okay do one more out okay wait good this
okay yeah work on this will be okay
another out with her good now wait move
the toy just a teeny little bit just
kind of proof it a little bit just a
little there put it to your side and
then bring it back to the leg good put
the other side ah okay don't say no okay
just good put the other side okay go
ahead put the other side now take it ah
dang it
when she when she doesn't go for you
reward her for it okay
they're not nope you're right now hey
good put her up